# G-ClsReg-JakeL
Project 2 - Game
the names of all team members: Jake Liebow
a description of your goals: Create a fun interactive game utilizing machine learning.
tools used: Wekinator, Processing, Camera
ML choices you made. Provide evaluation data (e.g. performance comparisons with other algorithms) showing why the ML algorithm and parameters you used were the right ones: As far as I could tell the transitions between input and output seemed the smoothest when using regression compared to a neural network or the K nearest neighbors algorithm. 
overview of what you accomplished: I have created pong that you play with your head. 
what technical and creative challenges you had to overcome and how you did so (e.g. if you experimented with different approaches to feature modeling, provide data documenting this): The biggest challenge was honestly figuring out a way to create a simply/accuratley controlled, face paced, and interesting game. The maze idea was interesting but as I continued to work on it I found it difficult and somewhat of an uninteresting game. However, when I came up with the idea to make a pong game based on motion controls it became much more fun. Originally I had planned to use a simple 100 input web cam for the inputs and smooth out the transitions by computing horizontal rows of color gradients and using these values to compute where the pong paddle shoudl be, much like the musical keyboard one of our class mates made the 2nd week. I was unable to figure out how this worked so in the end I actually used a variant on the face tracker.pde. So other than the creative challenges with this project, I suppose the othe rissue was figuring out a way to effectivley control the paddle.
an explanation of what you think you learned in the project: I learned a fair amount about regression and classification while completeing this project. It was imperitive to learn and consider the fundamentals of each algorithm I attempted to use for my project. Each one behaves somewhat differently and in order to find the most accurate method of controlling the paddle I had to understand how each one would attempt to map input ot output. 
Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BRPJ3YOa0g
